---
title: Post 15
layout: post
author: max.buckland
permalink: /post-15/
source-id: 1IoX0cGlGaLGtxdkUBRgsqK_vOlgoPvo4BVI-kCEL-us
published: true
---
In this week's IT lesson we looked more in-depth into the e-safety topics we’d been talking about last week.

 We started off the lesson by talking specifically about pornography and revenge porn. Mr.Keen, then did another blind vote, asking us about whether or not we'd gone searching for pornographic content or, if we had just innocently using the internet and found something that was inappropriate. Our IT teacher then told us about how porn is usually faked, or made out to be more violent to something that you’d do with your husband/wife/girlfriend/boyfriend. And how usually, if you asked a person whether a they liked to do whatever the porn displayed they would most likely say no. 

We then were given a chance to talk to our partners about facts we had found out about sexting, whilst doing our homework for the previous week. Some of the more shocking facts were things such as children as young as 11/12 sexting and that 60% of teenagers had been asked to send a sexual image. Mr.Keen then talked to us about how if someone sexted you, and you then went on to spread their photo around, and because of your actions they committed suicide, you could be prosecuted for manslaughter. Additionally, he told us that you knew nothing about that person's friends or family, and how his friend would happily do time if someone ever harmed on of Mr.Keen’s daughters, and how you never know whether or not one of their relatives is a judge, or even a mob leader of a gang, that’d happily have you killed or tortured. He then advised us to not post any pictures of ourselves naked to ANYONE.

