---
title: Y8 blog-1
layout: post
author: max.buckland
permalink: /y8-blog-1/
source-id: 1qFbBuWf9SemyZa3D-ya3UakSS4UZhn40OgmFhu1mFQo
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Y8 I.T Lesson 1</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>08/09/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Start of Y8.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To successfully assemble a 'Fuze' computer.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes, I successfully assembled a ‘Fuze’ computer.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>In this lesson I learnt how to assemble / put together a Fuze computer. The first step was to actually get the Fuze computer. Next, my partner and I connected it to a power source, and then plugged it into the VGA cable on the back of one of the monitors. After plugging in the mouse and checking that the VGA cable was properly in, we switched to the VGA input and, voila! We had successfully put together a Fuze computer.
 A good strategy for remembering how to put together the computer was to properly work with your partner, so that you could rely on him, and he could rely on you.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I did get slightly sidetracked at times especially when someone talked at me, and I then was distracted from working on the computer. Additionally I should try and try and notice if others are struggling and try and help them more if they are.

The habit I need to work on is chatting (/ talking) less.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I will try and solve a problem on my own or with my partner, rather than asking for help as soon as my first attempt to fix something doesn't go to plan. I will also try and learn from previous experiences of technical glitches to sort out the problem - only asking for help if I desperately need it.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


