---
title: Friday 4th Homework
layout: post
author: max.buckland
permalink: /post-7/
source-id: 1JJF8ZvacoMbAAyacZ_m1kgIkF98VyAe4GLuM_KP3PDQ
published: true
---
			**I.T HOMEWORK**

In this week's I.T lesson, we learned about 'grassing’ or ‘snitching’ and about how it isn’t a bad thing, and the reason this subject came up was all because someone was chewing gum in class.

The first thing we did in the lesson was listen to Mr.Keen tell us about Breck Bednar and about how his friends grassing could've prevented his death. We then watched a series of videos, where, at the end of every video, you could choose between two options, which lead to another video. The videos were about a boyfriend and girlfriend who were racing against the girlfriend’s brother, girlfriend and friend, to be the first to get one million views on one of their videos. About 3(ish) videos in, the brother showed his sister and the others a video of his friend stark naked that he’d posted online, however the brother’s friend (called Lucas) didn’t want to be seen by thousands of people naked, and asked for him to take it down.He didn’t. From there onwards it spirals downwards, with the the main character’s boyfriend posting a video of her brother and his girlfriend having intercourse, which went viral and was copied hundreds of times and spread all over the internet. The brother and his girlfriend were distraught and scared. The video ended there but showed four different videos you could click on about each character, practically all of them ending up getting help from a parent, a friend or a professional website, with Lucas in particular, finding help from CEOP and blocking people who were harassing him after the video of him naked was posted.

