---
title: February 26th Homework
layout: post
author: max.buckland
permalink: /post-six/
source-id: 1SDUJTpxc8bvsFgT3oJ9nG3yIScEJ4aVar1cDLjz2iQY
published: true
---
**I.T HOMEWORK**

**	**As our homework we had to create an identity map, which was basically an A3 piece of paper, that showed what we do, would or will post on social media. I found creating my identity map relatively easy, as I only post specific things on social media and before we worked on it in I.T I already had quite a good understanding of what to post and what not to post, but our lesson significantly improved my understanding, but yes, I definitely found it easy to think about what I posted and portray that on my piece of paper.

When I found out that we were sharing our maps with the rest of the class I was slightly nervous, because I wanted my work to be up to par with the people who are some of the smartest people in the class.

When we commented on people's identity maps it felt quite like we were basically judging each other, both critically and constructively and you had to get the balance of being nice, but at the same time, making them aware of their mistakes or where their work was lacking a bit.

I definitely would've felt more comfortable however, telling them face to face, as leaving an anonymous comment always makes me feel like someone is going to take advantage of the system and write something mean about my work or somebody else’s work. Also I just prefer talking face to face, because things sound less harsh or judgemental when they come out of your mouth and not through a screen or piece of paper etc.

When we first got our comments back I was dreading what could be on the page, but after reading through I honestly felt a lot like my work WAS good enough, and it really made me feel quite happy. After reading through a lot of the comments were about my artwork, which I never thought was very good and I always think of my drawings and paintings being almost quite factual and to get the comments I got surprised me.

It was different to commenting online because, if you post something online about someone and it's mean you walk away, acting like it doesn’t matter and that, that person won’t mind you’re comment, whereas in real life if you write something mean you can see how distraught they are with your own two eyes.

My identity map definitely did make me think more about what I would want to post in the future, as it really does allow you to reflect on what you've posted, I haven’t personally posted anything offensive or stupid, but I think in future I would just be more careful as to how I react to people commenting on my posts who are offensive or being ignorant of what my post actually means.

I don't think I would change anything else about my social media activity apart from what I stated above ^.

The past six lessons have definitely changed my perspective on how I view social media and I always think twice whenever I post and always ask myself 'Is this reply going to be taken the wrong way or can we all just laugh about it later?' and I determine whether or not to post it based on that.

The past six lessons have definitely changed my idea on how I'm going to use it in the future and has made me see social media more as an advertisement outpost than I have previously considered it and if I became a youtuber or something along those lines I would definitely consider advertising myself on social media(s) such as facebook, twitter, instagram, etc.

