---
title: Blog 2
layout: post
author: max.buckland
permalink: /blog-2/
source-id: 1r7vG5yslXnqn6ACTIHLlNYi79AnrBPVj9J6jks9AIuc
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Lesson 2</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>13/09/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>A spreadsheet with an order form</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To have a stock sheet</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes, I made a stock sheet with a sales price and a buy price</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>It was effective to just listen to Mr.Keen throughout and when I got stuck I would ask my peers for help. It was also effective to just think through logically, for example if I needed to add something such as a profit margin I would use the function to multiply, and then times the cost price by (if we're saying it was a profit margins of 20%), 1.2, etc.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I need to make sure not to give u too quickly as well as making sure that I’m not too focused on making my sheets fancier, and focusing more on the purpose rather than the appearance, as well as focusing on working with my peers more efficiently.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I’ll make sure to look out for making sure purpose has priority over appearance,whilst making sure that people around me are okay with what they’re doing, and not focusing too extensively on helping them, so mainly just minding my own business and staying focused on the task at hand, because distractions can lead to me falling behind a lot.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


