---
title: Blog 3
layout: post
author: max.buckland
permalink: /blog-3/
source-id: 18KfQigXj0aBshzb3PXqmI22fdp631buU7LQ6-xVcIxE
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Lesson 3</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>20/09/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>2 spreadsheets, with an order form and a stock sheet</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To have my order form work out calculations automatically and add things such as VAT, shipping and total price.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes, I have achieved all of these things.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I learnt how to use the function that allows me to add together multiple values as well as to perform longer and more complex equations. This means that I can account for things such as VAT, and shipping without having to write multiple equations out.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I need to make sure that when I get stuck I ask for help, however, when I get stuck I do need to persevere a bit to make sure that I'm not just being an idiot and that I have actually checked through everything before sticking my hand up, asking sir and getting told that I could’ve fixed it in 2 seconds.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I will continue to focus on my own work and help other people only when they really need it, as well as checking through everything and making sure that I’m definitely listening to everything Mr.Keen says, and working things out on my own if need be.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


