---
title: Post 7
layout: post
author: max.buckland
permalink: /post-7/
source-id: 1yMhrKcojrRk2e_sIf9Hh3Q97udXXBSPUOrksas2tWFI
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Lesson 7</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>28/06/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>33% completion.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To achieve a minimum of an extra 5% completion.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes, I managed to reach 38%.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I learnt by going slowly and talking to my classmates if I felt that I didn't get something, working through it alongside them if neither of us understood what we were meant to be doing. Some of the code was very fiddly and hard, so I had to be very careful with what I did to make sure that I made as few mistakes as possible.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I need to work on not getting too flustered or annoyed when I feel as if I have done everything it tells me to, when there is one tiny detail I have forgotten to add. I also need to work on trying not to rely on my own knowledge to allow me to figure out parts of the code and allow my peers to help me if I don’t understand something.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I will slow down and allow my peers to help me, and make sure that I’m not so stubborn that I ignore my classmates’ advice and say that I have already tried it and that it doesn’t work. I will improve my learning by spending some time at home working on codecademy and boosting my understanding of Python and coding as a whole.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


