---
title: Blog 5
layout: post
author: max.buckland
permalink: /blog-5/
source-id: 1wCJa4H0LE2CdsrLwfuyyhC4amqaTSPWjRBPhGTAJnXY
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Lesson 5</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>11/10/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>3 spreadsheets, including a cost list, order form and a price sheet.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To add a function that allows discount codes to be used.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> No, I'm still working on getting the 'vlookup’ to function properly.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I asked my peers for help and worked alongside them. I put in extra effort just to make sure that I had all of the previous work functioning properly before I started. By doing this it meant that I would always know that it was a problem with my new code opposed to it being earlier work. <iframe src="https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/e/2PACX-1vQcRUgnIklWdhby40KYpwXlmkuT5a53Sowp426nMZWKRUboNXDIu7AV3_ysKYse0FRrTc8x2sKuN71m/pubhtml?widget=true&amp;headers=false"></iframe></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I need to work on being more precise and accurate. This includes making sure that I have all brackets, colons, commas, semicolons, etc in the correct places as well as checking that there aren't any typos or me just being straight up stupid, and doing something like using the wrong range.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I will work on my precision and continue to work with and help the people around me with the work. I will also make sure that I have definitely got everything from the previous weeks working from now on.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


